NARRATOR:
Previously on Continuum...
KIERA: Edouard Kagame.
He’s the leader of this cell
and the most dangerous.
He didn't make it through.
We'll be okay without him.
KELLOG: With our
knowledge of the future,
we can operate here
virtual/y unchallenged.
I like it here.
My suit is damaged.
You may have led
them right back to us!
KIERA: Run!
(SIGHS) I'm home.
GREG: Kiera.
We're in the kitchen.
We?
Are "we"
celebrating something?
You're looking at
the new project leader
on SadTech's
latest and greatest.
Promotion.
Congratulations.
Mmm, such good news.
Thanks for the beer.
Okay. I'll walk you out.
Bye, Oscar.
Kiera.
Bye, Sam.
(SAM CRYING)
Oh, I missed you all daylong.
Yes, I did.
Project leader?
Now we can
afford this new place.
You still like it?
We love it. Don't we?
Oh, seriously?
It's notjust us.
The whole city is dark.
The terrorists again?
I'm so sick of this.
Don't stress.
The last time they
took out the reactor,
it took them four hours
to get it back up.
Baby, relax, okay?
The power will be
back right away.
KIERA: It's okay.
It's just street punks
taking advantage
of the blackout.
lfthey get into
this building...
They won't have time.
Power will be
back in 10 seconds.
(CHUCKLES) Ten seconds?
Trust me. Ten.
Nine. Eight. Seven...
Just watching you hurts me.
Then don't watch me.
Didn't they have
makeup in 2077?
Let's just say
the future has changed
some things for the better.
How?
A mascara wand with
an electrostatic charge
preset to release
the perfect amount
every time.
Describe it to me.
What...
Oh, shit. The power's out.
Mmm.
Yup. Garbage truck
backed into a pole
around the corner from you.
Of course it did.
(CELL PHONE BUZZES)
Cameron.
Good morning, Kiera.
You busy?
No. Not really. Why?
(SIGHS) I'm not sure.
I got something here I think
is right up your alley.
Could be
the work of your gang.
l'll text you the address.
Thank you.
In all my years as a broker,
I've never seen
anything like this.
Just lucky, I guess.
Your timing has
been spectacular.
Well,
maybe I'm from the future
and know what's
about to happen.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. Well, future or not,
you, my friend,
are now a very rich man.
Here are the new companies
I want you to invest in.
Synthetic food production?
Disaster insurance bonds?
What are you expecting,
the end of the world?
Something like that.
Lab Assistant found
Professor Ames here
at 0810.
Nobody moved the body
or touched anything.
Single entry
through the front,
left of the mid-line.
Oh, clean hole.
Seventy-five
millimeters in diameter.
Through and through?
Help me turn him over.
Entry wound is the same
as the exit, 75 millimeters.
Give or take.
Whatever went through him
went through the damn floor.
Let's go.
What the hell
penetrates a body,
and then five stories
of a building?
(JACKHAMMER RUMBLING)
KIERA: 2077.
My time, my city, my family.
When terrorists killed
thousands of innocents,
they were condemned to die.
They had other plans.
(EXPLOSION)
A time-travel device
sent us a// back 65 years.
/ want to get home,
but / can’t be sure
what / will return to
if history is changed.
Their plan,
to corrupt and
control the present
in order to win the future.
What they didn't
plan on was me.
KIERA: Maybe.
There was
an unusual energy signature
on the device that
killed the professor.
If I'd had my suit
I could have captured
a clearer optical pattern.
You know I can
fix whatever's wonky
on your suit.
I do know a little
about electronics.
They don't rewire
these things like machines.
They regenerate them
like living tissue.
Mitotic circuitry.
Like electronic stem cells...
Carbon nanotubes
for structure.
Millions of micro reefs.
All right.
Come on. (WINCES)
(SIGHS) At least
that's the theory.
Whose theory?
My father's.
So far it’s just a theory.
CARLOS:
Have you seen my partner?
There you are.
I got Ames' grad
student to come down
to the precinct
to answer a few questions.
I'm going to head there now.
Good idea.
Shane. Thanks for coming in.
You were one of
how many assistants
that were working
for Professor Ames?
Well, there were drones,
undergrads.
But at my level?
l was it.
Okay, so then
you'd pretty much know
everything there is to know
about this contraption
that the professor
was working on.
Backfi red?
Something must have
gone wrong with Calisto.
Sorry. That's the machine.
Ames named her.
CARLOS: Why don't you tell us
what this thing does?
We were working on
antimatter containment.
You have to break
that down for me
because I don't
really speak scientist.
Okay, well, our world
is made up of matter.
There's also antimatter.
And when you contain
and harness antimatter,
if that's even possible,
you would have access
to unlimited clean energy,
provided that you
could figure out
how to sustain it
beyond a few milliseconds.
Yeah.
We've had ours at
seven to eight hours.
What?
Ladies.
Can I help you?
Yeah.
There's a really creepy guy
in the neighborhood
who's been giving us trouble.
Where is this creepy guy?
What's the address here?
(GRUNTING)
(BLUES ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
It's clear.
INGRAM: Ithink we'll
be right at home here.
Spearheading
a competitive new technology
like this,
you're bound to
make a few enemies.
Yeah.
We had threats all the time.
Threats?
I mean, probably
the machine just backfired.
These threats,
were they credible threats?
Did you report them?
Yeah. We logged
them with the police.
Especially this one group, um,
"Stop Mad Scientists."
They threatened to
burn down our lab.
The leader's name was Vincent.
Can you think of anybody else?
Well, I know the military
was always offering
to finance this project.
But the professor
wouldn't accept it.
Although,
I think towards the end
he may have been buckling.
Shane. How easy would it be
to rig Calisto to backfire?
Well,
that person would have to be
pretty advanced
in the technology,
but, yeah, I suppose
someone could do it.
Is there a way
for us to access
the professor's
files on Calisto?
Well, you can't, but I can.
His files are on
a back-up system
that I designed...
What the...
No. No.
CARLOS: Problem?
Um, the files are gone.
CARLOS:
There must be another back-up.
SHANE: No, no.
You don't understand.
This was the back-up.
This is the safest
form of storage.
Pretty good design
you got there.
It's just...
Whoever could do this...
Shane? Are you okay?
Focus,Shane.
Somebody must have hacked in.
I know this may
sound crazy,
but whoever killed Ames,
could they be after me next?
Oh, he's hiding something.
You think?
What's your guess?
Motive?
Too early to tell.
Oh, play along.
You clearly have a theory
and you clearly
want to tell me.
You first.
Fine.
You think he murdered Ames
and covered up his crime.
Based on what evidence?
Based on listening to my gut.
You should try it some time.
I listen.
No.
You watch and you calculate.
Which is a good tactic,
but I think you should
trust your instincts a little.
(CLEARS THROAT)
So, uh, what made you ask him
if the research was stolen?
Seemed like a good possibility
so I went with it.
VVhy?
Put yourself in my position.
You get a new partner
who's got her nose
buried into
classified intelligence.
I mean I don't
know what you know
or how you know it.
Smart and secretive.
Doesn't get any
worse than that.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
(MUTTERS)
Well, look at you.
Wondered when you were
gonna come around.
(GRUNTING)
Don't try to get up.
Let me get the doctor.
(GRUNTS)
Yes. That's $10,000
on the Leafs to win.
Yeah, I know it's a long shot.
Wow!
You like it?
It's freakin' beautiful...
Let's go try it on.
Wait!
You know my mom and I,
we're really
grateful for you helping
to fix up the house
and paying off the mortgage,
but...
You're, like,
old enough to be my dad.
It's not like that.
Nothing like that at all.
I told you.
Your father looked
out for me.
He was kind of
like an older brother.
I know how hard
you and your mom
have had it since he died.
I'm just paying it forward.
Okay. Good.
Okay.
Let's go try on some dresses.
Hey.
Just do me one favor, okay?
What's that?
When you have
a grandson one day,
and you will, promise me
you'll let him jump on the bed
and eat lots of candy. Okay?
Okay, I promise.
Great.
It's not like I wanted to
hire a skywriter
to write "I told you so"
over Yaletown,
but, yeah,
I felt a little vindicated
by Ames' accident.
Now maybe people
will finally wake up and see
one more technological
miracle on its way
to being weaponized.
So, is that what you
think Ames was doing,
Mr. Vincent, making weapons?
You don't?
I used to be in this field
before I realized
the lie they were
trying to sell us.
Clean energy? Bullshit!
Clean genocide
is more like it.
The first green war.
(CROWD APPLAUDS)
Thank you.
Look. The only people scarier
than the scientists
who invent this stuff
are the people
ready to cash in.
And who might they be?
Military,
weapons manufacturers,
contractors,
freelancers, you name it.
It's all about the violence.
CARLOS: But not for you.
I mean,
you did threaten Ames' life.
No. I said we'd
burn down his lab.
Sounds like somebody
saved me the trouble.
But you just told us
you were in that field.
You could have programmed
the machine to backfire.
Look. You don't get it.
Okay, we are
a peaceful organization.
We're trying to
stop the people
who are using
technology as a weapon.
It's not the science.
It's the user whose
motivations are suspect.
Look. Ifyou two want
someone to pin this on,
check out Melissa Dobeck,
Ames' partner in crime.
We weren't told
of any partner.
Well, former partner.
She grew unhappy
with the division
of intellectual property
and had a falling out.
If anybody wanted him dead,
it was her.
Did you get that?
Yeah. I got it.
Searching connections.
Melissa Dobeck
and Martin Ames.
His vitals are stable
but his memory is gone.
He doesn't seem to
know where he is.
Melissa Dobeck and
Martin Ames' association
goes back to 2007.
Both were professors
in the same
university department
before they left to
form their own companies.
So what are you thinking?
I'm thinking there is
more to their relationship
than six proprietary patents,
including one
covering the production
of thermal anti-neurons...
Well, antimatter.
Did anybody ever tell you
you watched too much
Star Trek as a kid?
Martin and I
pioneered nano materials
for antimatter containment.
Nuclear residue won't go away,
but antimatter,
it wants to disappear.
So containment is everything.
Okay. So you...
You and Professor Ames,
you found a way to contain it?
The scale was very small.
I wanted to take it slow.
But Martin had a much more
ambitious agenda.
I thought it was reckless.
When you left the university
and your company split up,
it looks like Ames
held onto all the patents.
Even in death
he got the better of you.
Do you want me to
dance on his grave?
I won't do that.
Our differences
were very public.
I thought Martin's work
would eventually kill someone.
ljustdidn't
know itwould be him.
A suspicious person would
say that there are only
a handful of people
knowledgeable
enough to program
this device to
backfire on him.
And that you'd be one of them.
Ifyou're suggesting
that I was involved,
that's completely false.
I don't think
anybody was accusing you.
Actually, I was.
Someone took
critical research files
from
the professor's laboratory.
I didn't take them.
And the worst I
ever did to Martin
was wish him dead.
That's not a crime, is it?
Not yet.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Fonnegra.
Yeah. Okay.
We have to get
back to the precinct.
Dillon wants to see me.
We'll be in touch, Ms. Dobeck.
Inspector,
you wanted to see me?
Yes, thank you.
Detective Fonnegra,
this is
Lieutenant General Rogers
with the Judge
Advocate General's Office.
Is there something I can do
for the Department of Defense?
You can cease
the investigation
into the Martin Ames matter,
and turn whatever you
have over to my office.
We'll take it from here.
With due respect,
sir, I have leads that are
gonna go cold
if I just walk away right now.
We're not being
given a choice.
I admire your sense of duty,
but we consider
the death of Professor Ames
and the theft of his work
to be a matter of
national security.
You are to hand
over your case files
to the General and his team.
Is that clear?
Yeah, it's clear.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Well, what do you think?
At this price,
it's a steal.
Hmm.
It's very nice.
It's very, very nice.
Yeah. I'll take it.
Why aren't you talking to me?
You think I had
something to do
with this case being
taken away from you.
Your business is secrecy,
right?
Cover-ups,
plausible deniability.
I bet you even know
that General in there.
Am I right?
I'm not the enemy, Carlos.
And if the government
wants to take charge
of this investigation,
then I'm sure they have
a very good reason.
Oh? That wouldn't bother you?
Why would it?
Because they took my case,
Kiera.
You take this personally.
And you don't?
Look.
Maybe we can find
another angle on this.
Find another way
to fight our way
back in somehow.
Ames' grad student,
Shane Mathers,
we need to talk to him again.
General tight-ass over here
closed that door.
We need to find a new lead.
Mathers said that
the military was interested
in funding Ames'
project and Ames said no.
Maybe there was
other interest.
Like your gang?
You think you could
buy me some time
to get Section 6
working on this?
Oh, I'm sure I could probably
work that out for you.
I mean, it's going to
take me until at least
tomorrow morning
until I can turn all
this over to the military.
Thank you.
(PIANO POP MUSIC PLAYING)
Mr. Mathers.
Look,
I told you everything I know.
Did anyone aside
from the military
express interest
in Ames' research?
Not that I know of.
Can I go now?
Please?
(MOBILE PHONE BUZZING)
I gotta go.
SADLER:
Boy, Mr. Paranoid or what?
Think he’s hiding something?
KIERA: Alec...
I was kid... Never mind.
I need to know
who sent that text.
Approximate time received,
10:23. Checking...
Melissa Dobeck
texted Shane Mathers
while we were
interrogating him.
I'm guessing you
didn't get a court order
for a phone records search?
I didn't have to.
While I was
speaking with him today,
she texted him a second time.
And I saw her name
come up on his phone.
You did?
No, but ifyou knew
how I really found out
you'd be upset.
Why would
the victim's assistant
be getting a text
from a bitter rival
on the morning
after the murder?
Guys!
I had an RSS out for anyone
in a redjumpsuit
just like our gang.
This just started
airing on TV.
Hospital officials
are asking for your help
in locating this man,
who wandered away
from St. Paul’s Hospital
this afternoon.
The unidentified
patient was found
disoriented this morning...
That's Edouard Kagame.
The leader of the gang?
Its heart and soul.
He's the one behind
all their activity.
We need to stop
this broadcast.
It's already been in rotation,
like 40 minutes.
Then it's only
a matter of time
before the killing
begins in earnest.
Unless we find him first.
(PUNK ROCK PLAYING)
You know, it's not so bad.
There's lots of space,
a nice TV.
And hydroponics
in the basement...
TV REPORTER:
Hospital officials are asking
your help in
locating this man,
who wandered away
from St. Paul’s Hospital
this afternoon.
Oh, my God.
Kagame...
He made it.
How will we find him?
The rally point.
Kagame set one in
case we became separated.
If I'm right,
that's where he'll head.
He didn't just disappear.
I'm monitoring RSS.
Patrol cars are
running a street sweep,
spiraling outward
from St. Paul's.
Alec?
I've got feeds in
all the CTV cameras,
ATM and security cameras.
There's no sign
of Kagame so far.
Keep looking.
Oh, they will.
I also have
another piece of news
that you may or
may not want to hear.
Problem?
Help yourself.
Wow. Kiera taking a note.
I'm impressed.
No. Melissa Dobeck.
How close are we to
Melissa Dobeck's office?
Not far, why?
This is bordering on
harassment, Detectives.
I told the military
investigators I have no idea
what happened
to Martin's work.
Anything else
you want to know,
you can ask my lawyer.
Like, for example,
why you failed to disclose
your legal challenge
to your ex-partner's patents?
Or should we ask
you about that?
He may not know
since you withdrew the claim
and had the record sealed
as a condition of
your settlement.
Not that it's any
of your business,
but I didn't see the point.
I withdrew that challenge
on advice of my
then-attorneys.
So you just shrugged
and let it go?
I find that hard to believe.
Oh, believe what you want.
Why did you text
Shane Mathers yesterday
just hours after
the body was found?
I expressed my sympathies,
my shock.
I don't remember
the exact words.
And then again this morning.
Were you
synchronizing your stories?
We're clone.
Failing to
mention your involvement
with Professor Ames'
closest assistant
is a pretty serious
omission of fact.
Is that what he told you?
No. Actually,
that's what you just told us.
How long have you
been sleeping with him?
Shane and I had a fling.
I'm not proud of it,
but it's over.
I'm engaged.
That's awkward.
Mmm.
CARLOS: Does he know
that he's odd man out?
Did you ask him that?
I thought not.
Goodbye, Detectives.
Don't come back
without a warrant.
KAGAME: You say you’re free.
You point to
your Constitution,
your bill of rights.
What rights?
You were born
into crushing debt,
to parents without hope.
And your only right
is to work for the corporation
until you pay it off.
Except that can never happen,
because everything
you need, they provide.
Your shelter,
your food, your water,
and it all sends you deeper
into the abyss of slavery.
But all that can change,
my friends.
We have the power
to free ourselves.
To take back what we've lost,
our independence, our dignity,
our very souls,
to take back our liberty.
Liberate yourselves,
my brothers and sisters.
Liber8. Liber8. Liber8.
ALL: (CHANTING) Liber8.
Liber8.
Liber8. Liber8.
(THUDDING)
POLICE ON SPEAKERS:
This is an illegal assembly.
You are in violation
ofthe penal code
Section 12318.
Remain calm.
This is a place of refuge.
This is an illegal assembly.
You are in violation of
the penal code Section 12318.
No!
We have the right to be here,
this is a peaceful assembly!
(BOY SCREAMING)
Iwill not go.
(GROANING)
BOY: Daddy! Daddy!
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Hey. Any word on Kagame?
Still monitoring.
Everyone's on alert.
Dillon wants to see you.
Patent infringement?
It has only recently
come to my attention
that there may have
been a prior theft
of intellectual property
that is unrelated
to the murder
of Professor Ames.
Unrelated?
Mm-hmm.
I see. Well, then,
if in fact your totally
unrelated investigation
happens to lead you
to Professor Ames' murderer,
I want to be
the first to know.
Because I'm going to enjoy
calling that dumbass
from National Defense
to tell him
we just solved his case.
I took the liberty
of having the unit
pick up Mathers.
They're en route.
How long were you involved
with Melissa Dobeck?
Is that why I'm here?
Are you accusing me
of dating my former boss?
We know she texted you
hours after Ames' death.
(STUTTERS)
Mm-mmm.
All right, look,
I just...
I didn't want to
implicate her for no reason.
What about that text
would have implicated her?
Did you kill Professor Ames?
What? No.
The device killed him.
He brought this on himself.
He was pushing
a new technology
too aggressively.
I understand.
It wasn'tjust himself
he was putting at risk.
No.
I came very close to
quitting several times.
It got to the point
where I couldn't sleep,
thinking about what
we might be unleashing.
You were creating
something powerful,
something you didn't
fully understand.
But Melissa did.
Melissa had
nothing to do with this!
To do with what, Shane?
The plot to kill Ames?
She's a good person.
And Martin couldn't
hold a candle to her
as a scientist.
But he took all the patents,
he took all the credit.
Ifyou really cared about her,
you would have done something.
You'd help her getjustice.
No.
CARLOS: It would've been easy
for you to sabotage Calisto.
You knew the experiment,
you helped design it.
Did you know
Melissa was engaged?
You didn't, did you?
Oh, she played you
the whole time.
Did you hand
the files over to her?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I'm talking about charging you
with conspiring to
kill Martin Ames.
I didn't conspire with anyone!
But you admit to killing him.
We have all your
communications.
The truth will come out.
You are both going down.
No...
Look, I acted alone.
CARLOS: Shane, come on.
You don't have to fall
on your lightsaber for her.
She's behind this.
We both know that.
No. You're wrong about her.
You wanted
a confession and you got one,
but I acted alone.
What did you do
with the research?
I deleted it so no one
could ever use it again.
Why is he protecting her?
I don't know. I've seen guys
do a lot of crazy
things for love.
There has to be
a way to get to her
without his testimony.
Kiera, we've bent
the rules to breaking.
We have to let the military
take it from here.
SADLER: Kiera. lfound him.
Phone call, sorry.
Repeat?
Kagame.
On a cloud-based photo back-up
from a tourist.
He's at
Sun Yat-Sen Gardens.
We've got a confirmed sighting
of your Edouard Kagame.
The Buddhist Temple
at the Sun Yat-Sen Gardens.
That's five minutes from here.
Call us back-up.
You take the west entrance,
I'll take the east.
And we'll meet up in
the temple in the middle.
Right.
Carlos, you've got company
moving towards your position.
Back-up's on the way.
Let's get to Kagame first.
You're under arrest!
For what?
For what you're going to do.
How do you know
what I'm going to do?
Given your past history
and your indiscretions,
play God, change history.
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
I've spent my entire life
making decisions that
could affect millions.
That's what I do.
(BABY CRYING)
Release him and I'll
spare the child's life.
We both get what we want
before the bloodshed.
I'm glad to see you, Travis.
(BABY CRYING)
(SIREN WAILING)
I guess we get to shoot
our way out after all.
Another time.
Count on it.
TRAVIS: Let's move.
(BABY CRYING)
Thank you.
Kiera! What the hell happened?
Where is Kagame?
He was here.
We were too late.
We had them.
So what do we do?
We let them add
to their numbers.
By all accounts,
you avoided
a public bloodbath.
That's something.
SADLER: Kiera.
Excuse me.
What is it, Alec?
Ichecked
the surveillance footage
at the temple, like you asked.
There's no images
ofyou and Kagame
having your little
tete-a-tete.
Thank you.
I also thought
you should know,
Melissa Dobeck
just booked herself
on a flight to Costa Rica.
That case is over, Alec.
Professor Ames'
murder was solved
with the arrest
of Shane Mathers.
We don't have
the evidence to charge her.
Yeah. Until now.
Would it interest you to
know there's actually
a second back-up
ofAmes' research after all?
Mathers thought
he had the only one.
Guess who has the other?
ANNOUNCER ON PA:
Final boarding call
for Air South America,
Flight 155
to Costa Rica.
Dr. Dobeck.
Off on a getaway,
so to speak?
Long-standing travel plans.
Well, I'm afraid
they're going to
have to change.
I don't understand.
Your sometime-boyfriend,
Shane Mathers?
He's just been arrested
in the conspiracy
to kill Martin Ames.
He admitted rigging
Calisto to backfire.
Whatever Shane may have done,
I had nothing to do with it.
That's exactly what he said.
Until he found
out that you were,
how should I put this,
otherwise engaged.
If he misconstrued
my rants about how
dangerous Ames'
experiments were,
I can't help that.
So you deny any involvement
in the conspiracy?
Absolutely.
You just slept with
your rival's assistant
because he was
devastatingly attractive?
Here is that warrant
you requested.
Just tell me,
did you want Ames dead
because he was
selling it to the military,
or because you wanted
the research for yourself?
It's all there.
Please do not turn that data
over to the military.
You know what
they'll do with it.
And it won't be
about renewable energy.
Melissa!
Hey. I'm so sorry I'm late.
There was
a stall on the bridge,
and my phone is dead.
Who's this?
Uh, Drew, my fiance.
ANNOUNCER ON PA: Passengers
Melissa Dobeck
and Drew Laroche
report to Gate 34
for immediate boarding.
Doors are closing
on Air South America
Flight 155 to Costa Rica.
You're gonna be
Melissa Laroche.
Sweetheart,
this isn't going to be
easy to explain.
Can we have a moment?
Wait.
You're going to need this.
MELISSA: Thank you.
GREG: Six, five, four, three,
two, one...
(WHISPERS) Dad's crazy.
Security grid's up.
How did you do that?
Promotion, remember?
SadTech's latest rollout
in partnership
with Laroche Energy.
Thousands of
redundant mini fusion reactors
linked in a network.
No more centralized reactors
means no more easy
targets for the terrorists.
They will just find
something else to target.
Another part of
the infrastructure.
No. They're scrambling.
A bunch of
revolutionary malcontents
that think an insurgency
will change everything.
They're on the run.
If you really want to do
something about them,
you should join the CPS.
They're recruiting.
With your military service
you'd be a lock for Protector.
Well, I have always wanted to.
I'm ready when you are.
I know.
But let's be honest,
it's gonna take more
than a few blackouts
to tear me away from
my most importantjob.
The fact that you
were slightly further
from the device
when it went off
may have accounted
for your
different arrival time.
Makes you wonder
who else might
be coming through?
SONYA: Or who already has.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is
we've all been given
the most precious
gift life offers.
A second chance.
Who has been in
charge in my absence?
lhave.
You've lost soldiers.
We've become more vigilant.
We'll have to be.
There's a war coming.
How can you be so sure?
Because we're
going to start it.
No, no, no, no! It's okay.
It's me. It's Alec.
Alec?
The guy in your head.
Did you really think
breaking into my apartment
was the best way to
introduce yourself?
I'm sorry.
I just got tired of waiting.
I found your suit.
So, you were going
through my things?
It's way ahead of
anything that I've imagined.
It's even better
when itworks.
Well, lwas going
through my dad's notes.
There may be a way to trigger
the self-repair mechanism.
Look. I told you
I didn't want you
to get involved.
Well, I guess I'm like you.
A little stubborn.
How long will you need it for?
It's not like dry cleaning.
Do you have dry cleaning
in the future?
Clean water's at a premium,
so all cleaning
is dry cleaning.
Pulse vibration.
Eight seconds, 30 credits.
This'll take longer.
I noticed today,
you turned off your HUD
a couple of times.
I don't get it.
I was curious.
Yeah. But doesn't that
make yourjob harder?
Your tech can tell
you so much more.
Alec, I have to
confront the possibility
that if my suit
can't be repaired,
I have to do my
job without it.
I thought maybe you
were trusting your gut
instead of your tech.
Like Carlos?
I was.
Felt good.
Why did you
let that woman go?
I had no choice.
But you knew Ames' assistant
wasn't acting alone.
That's not the point.
Then what is the point?
Every student in the union
learns about
Melissa Laroche in school.
She solved
the global energy crisis
with her development
of clean fusion.
She's going to do great things
with Ames' research.
Important things.
So important
she gets away with murder?
I'm not happy about it.
But if! make
the wrong decision,
millions could be affected.
So if these scientists
are playing God,
in a way, so are you.
That's messed up.